Welcome to Cinema Summary, ladies and
gentlemen everyone has birthdays:
Some good some bad.
It's all fun and games until it isn't.
This is THE GAME
The movie begins of a flashback to a family
photo (film) of an extravagant birthday party
a playful time for our protagonist
Nicolas van Orton now a wealthy
investment banker, in control and always
cool who on his birthday is told he got
a call from Mr. Seymour Butts he makes a
reservation at an upscale restaurant where
we meet Seymour Butts who is actually
his younger brother Conrad who seems to
be a troubled young man
Conrad comes to wish him a happy 40th
birthday and gives Nicholas an unusual
gift a voucher for a game offered by the
company Consumer Recreation Services (CRS for short)
Conrad tells him it will change his life
and then has a staff singing my happy
birthday much to his chagrin.
Nicholas heads home and while he drives he has a
flashback to when he was a boy coming
back home only to see a person stand on
top of the roof of his house.
At home he eats alone with the only company being a
phone call from his estranged ex-wife
Elizabeth who checks in on him since
Nicholas dad was 48 just like Nicholas
now, when he committed suicide
it becomes strained after that and
Nicholas ends the call early but it gets
Nicholas thinking about the CRS's game
and he's a flashback once more this time
we see that the man on the roof is
Nick's dad who jumps to his death
Nicholas has doubts about CRS but he
makes a hesitative decision to have a
look at CRS's offices to apply for The Game.
He meets Jim Feingold who takes
into his office to introduce him to The
Game where he finds out his brother was
a client there but first he has to
take a bunch of long time consuming
psychological and physical tests that
take him all day to complete.
Just so he can qualify for the game and even after the
tests are complete he has to wait for
the results be processed. He's reluctant
because he has no idea of this so-called
game is but Jim tells him that it is
different for everyone and that he can
always quit if he doesn't like it so
Nick agrees;
after an afternoon playing squash
he overhears two businessmen talk
in the locker room about their
experiences with CRS and their game he
joins them later in a bar and asks them
what the experience of the game to which
the two businessman
are evasive and cryptic but recommended it.
Before leaving one of the guys references a passage in the Bible
"Where once I was blind now I
see."
All thanks to the Game to which Nicholas is left stunned
The next day at a board room meeting Nicholas gets a phone
call from CRS and finds out that his
application was rejected and he can't
join to play the game
that night he arrives home where he sees a
body laying the ground in the same way
his dad was laying after he jumped
though one closer inspection it's
actually a clown doll
bringing it in inside
he pulls out a card of a key attached at
the end of it bearing the letters CRS
back in his study with a clown doll
seated he fiddles with it when the TV
begins glitching out and the newscaster
talks to Nicholas the newscaster on the
TV welcomes Nicholas to the game telling
him that he must find him many other Keys
like the one Nick just found and that
they'll help him later though he will
never know how a conversation between
the newscaster Nikolas ensues with the
newscaster admitting that he can see
exactly what Nikolas is doing because of
a little camera that's in his home the
eyes of the clown doll
He also mentions
one more rule if Nick needs help he can
call the CRS hotline and ask for help
but only in emergencies
though he can't ask what the goal the Game
is with that the TV goes back to normal
and the game begins
at the airport, the next day
Nicholas looks around him every
little thing could be part of the game
he gets paranoid but tries to focus and
after a few suspicious run-ins he meets
of his colleague Sam who sees him off to
his flight he arrives at the office of
Ansem a failing publisher who mentions
Nicholas's father while begging not to
be fired after a few choice words
Nicholas fires Ansem and demands Ansem
to sign some papers as he struggles to
get his briefcase open Nicholas tries the
CRS key to unlock it but it
doesn't work unable to get it open or
get Ansem signature he leaves Ansem
before he returns home as Nicholas waits
in a restaurant for Conrad a waitress
named Christine spills her tray full of
wine glasses
Nicholas a brushes off her attempts at
helping him and after she disrespects
her boss she is fired
Nicholas is moved to another table
where he is shocked by
a bill from a mysterious waiter
Nicholas leaves the restaurant trying to find
Christine
who he thinks is part of the Game
coincidentally a man collapses in
front of them while Christine tries to help
Nicholas wonders if he's real
Nicholas gets help from a nearby police car and
an ambulance arrives to save the man
with Nicholas being forced to go of
Christine to the hospital lest he be
detained by the police
in the ambulance Nicholas shows Christine the bill which
bears the words don't let her get away
they arrived at the hospital parking lot
which suddenly becomes empty of people
after lights blackout Christine has no
idea what's going on to which Nicholas
helpfully tells her about the Game
wanting nothing to do with it Christine
leaves with Nicholas travelling after
her they try to take an inactive
elevator which only activates after
Nicky uses his CRS key on their way up
the elevator stops and blacks out with a
little choice they attempt to get out of
the elevator through the roof hatch they
climb their way out only to find
themselves on the CRS offices were they
trip the burglar alarm. They run away
avoiding cops and security and escape a
guard dog by going on to a fire escape
the ladder breaks so they are forced to
jump and land into the dumpsters below
to get away they make their way to
Nicholas's office where Nicholas calls a
cab and Christine takes a shower just
before she leaves Christine confesses
that someone paid her to spill drinks in
the attractive guy in this flannel suit
At home Nick is awoken by a phone call
from his secretary who tells him that
his missing American Express card was found
at the hotel Nico before he hangs up he
asks his secretary to check the taxi
company to find out where Christine was
dropped off at afterwards he calls the
hotel Nico where a receptionist
helpfully informs him that he has a room
with flowers in it and the woman he
invited there will be late
going there he bumps into a man before
approaching the receptionist signing off
in the room and after asking the
receptionist about a key he finds a key
card in his pocket he presumes it was
put there by the man he bumped into earlier
The room is mostly neat except
for a bedroom that's absolutely trashed
there are polaroid photos and coke and
on the table a porno plays in the
background and a bill signed in his
names of their alongside his missing
briefcase opening the case he finds a
pile of explicit photos when he hears a
knock at the door
Nicholas fiercely gets rid of this orgy
of evidence and cuts his hand doing so
he leaves of his briefcase in hand
oblivious to the person following him
confused and stressed Nicolas spots the
car and confronts the driver who is a
sketchy man with a revolver, a photo of
Nicolas, and some files the man reveals
that he's a private investigator paid to
keep tabs on Nick but runs off before
Nicolas can ask more questions
a furious Nicolas drives to meet Sam at
the Ritz-Carlton where they go to meet
Ansem Nicolas chose out Ansem believing
him to be part of the game but then
Ansem tells him that he's accepted
Nicholas's deal; embarrassed Nicolas
apologizes before leaving for his office
where he asks Sam to investigate
Consumer Recreation Services here
Nicolas gives Sam the limited liability
waiver that he signed but it's just a
blank piece of paper Sam leaves before
Nicholas opens up a black envelope and
pulls out
winch this might seem odd but it'll come
in handy later back home with lis
revolver in his briefcase
Nicholas finds something is wrong:
His security system has been tampered with
and his phone is off the hook
Nicky walks deeper into his home gun in
hand the lights turn on graffiti has
been sprayed everywhere and lights
reveals secret messages in his bedroom
the clown doll sits with a message in
his mouth. In a panic Nicholas calls the
police when suddenly Conrad shows up! The duo
drive off with Conrad babbling on and on
about how CRS ruined his life and and no
matter what he pays them they won't
leave him alone
They get a flat tire
and while Nicholas goes to change it
Conrad pops the glove box open where CRS
keys spill out Conrad accuses Nicholas
of working with CRS
which Nicholas denies but Conrad walks away in
disbelief and he and Nicholas have an
angry heart-to-heart with Conrad calling
Nicholas out on his jealousy and his
desire to control everything before
Conrad runs off. Near the subway stairs a
phone rings and after picking up the
phone Nicholas hears the argument he
just had with Conrad minutes ago
playback.
Nicholas catches a cab when he
realizes something's wrong: he's missed
his turn and the driver is a CRS agent
the driver locks the passenger door and
speeds off driving into the bay the
driver jumps out before the cart sinks
with Nicky trapped inside.
Inside Nicholas panics!
"It's just a game! It's
just a game! There has to be a way out!"
when he remembers the winch from earlier
and he uses it to open the window and escape!
The next day, Nick is thoroughly
fed up with The Game and contacts the police
and together with Sam visit the CRS
offices only to find it abandoned. The
investigators reveal that the CRS has
never rented the building and the floor
has never been rented out. The case
against the CRS is weak without any
other leads and with little choice
Nicholas heads home where he gets a call
from his secretary who found out where
Christine lives with that information in
mind he drives to her home where he
shows her the lewd photos and asked if
the woman in the photos is her; she asks why
he thinks that and he points out the bra
she wears is red. The same bra that she
was wearing in his office. While she goes
to change her clothes
Nicholas fiddles around her apartment
and soon discovers that she is a CRS
employee and that her apartment is a
stage. Christine tells Nicholas
"they're" being watched from the smoke
detector and Nicholas, just absolutely
fed up attacks the
because he just wants some answers
suddenly armed CRS gunmen begin to swarm
the house and fire upon them and Nicholas
and Christine are forced to drive away
during which Christine tells Nicholas
that the CRS has drained his financial
accounts by using the answer to the
psychological tests he took, to guess his
passwords! In a panic Nikolas calls his
bank and while he's on the phone he
spells out his password code to check his
account balance
Blue 2\9690D
Only to find out that his balance
is zero! They drive to Nicholas's
summer home where Nicky presses
Christine for information about CRS and
her work with them over a cup of coffee
and just as he begins he gets a phone
call: it's Sam, who reveals that his accounts have been
untouched and just as he begins to trust
Christine he realizes that she has
drugged him. As he loses consciousness
and collapses Christine brags that we
didn't know your password but we do now
Blue 2\9690D
Goodbye Nicky!
When Nicholas wakes
up he finds himself entombed alive in a
cemetery in Mexico. He staggers around
the city until he reaches the Embassy
there he sells his gold watch to the
immigration officer to escape and
returns home to find his mansion sold
and most of his belongings removed. There
he retrieves a hidden revolver and then
goes to the hotel where Conrad was
staying at where the consiegliere tells
him that Conrad had a nervous breakdown
and is now hospitalized.
While talking with Elizabeth of his ex-wife he sees a
familiar face on TV: that's Jim Feingold
the guy who represented CRS in their first meeting.
It turns out he's just an actor!
Nicholas using this information calls
Jim's agency and finds him at the zoo
and forces him to take them to the CRS's real office. There he takes Christine
hostage and demands to be taken to the
leader of CRS when he's attacked by CRS
guards. Nicholas takes Christine to the
roof and bars the door behind him and
the CRS guards begin cutting through the
door. When Christine realizes the
Nicholas's gun is not a prop she
fearfully tells Nicholas that the
conspiracy is fake just another part of
The Game and that his finances are
intact and that his family and friends
are waiting on the other side of the
door he refuses to believe her. The
door bursts open and Nicholas shoots the
first person to emerge and is shocked to
find it's Conrad who dies and everyone
are shocked and with all hope lost
he jumps off the roof. Just like his
father.
Nicholas's life flashes before
his eyes as he falls and he smashes for the
roof but lands on a giant air mat. EMTs
carefully remove him and he finds
himself in a ballroom full of his
friends, family, and every person involved in his game
Conrad is alive and explains
that he started the game to get his
brother to embrace life and not to end
up like their father. Nicholas bursts
into tears and begins to enjoy the party
once he's over his shock. When he sees
that Christina's left the party; he
follows her outside to her cab and asks
her to dinner she offers to share a
coffee with him before her flight takes
her to her next game assignment in
Australia.
THE END
Thank you so much for watching ladies and gentlemen
If you enjoyed it leave a like down below and
subscribe to get updated on our latest
uploads until next time play safe